In this video I'll explain a dependent hardware scuzzy initiator and how it can be used by the ESX host
to communicate with an ice scuzzy storage array.
So here we see in our diagram a virtual machine on the left with a virtual scuzzy controller as that
virtual machine issue storage commands.
They flow through the virtual scuzzy controller and hit a storage adapter that prepares them for transmission
over a network.
In this case we have a physical storage adapter.
This is different than software I scuzzy.
Where are storage adapter adapters based on software.
Here we've purchased some actual hardware that's going to handle that workload.
Now with a dependent hardware I suppose the initiator.
It's not a complete hardware solution right.
It's a physical storage adapter.
However it still needs to be bound to VM kernel ports that are created in software.
So while the dependent hardware I scuzz the initiator eliminates some of the CPQ overhead that's present
with a software I cause the initiator.
It doesn't eliminate all of the overhead from the ESX host entirely to do that we would need an independent
hardware ice the initiator that includes its own physical Ethernet.